Replace redirected urls with their targets (#4557)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: issue-management.md

* the maintainer summarizes in the issue description or in a comment to an existing issue, what is blocking them and/or what is required from their point of view to make progress.
* the maintainer tags all other maintainers of the implementation repo in the issue description or their comment (@open-telemetry/<sig>-maintainers). No action from the other maintainers is expected, except they disagree with
  the request of this issue being tagged as `maintainer-request`.

> * they will share the issue with all other SIGs either via the [Maintainer Meeting](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community?tab=readme-ov-file#cross-cutting-sigs) or via a message to [#otel-maintainers](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01NJ7V1KRC) on [CNCF slack](https://communityinviter.com/apps/cloud-native/cncf). This way maintainers of other implementation SIGs can comment if they have the same request.

Author: ```suggestion
* they will share the issue with all other SIGs either via the [Maintainer Meeting](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community?tab=readme-ov-file#cross-cutting-sigs) or via a message to [#otel-maintainers](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01NJ7V1KRC) on [CNCF slack](https://slack.cncf.io). This way maintainers of other implementation SIGs can comment if they have the same request.
```
